HaSeul: Come here, it's okay to have fun together~
HaSeul: Just look at the camera and behave naturally like this!
JinSoul: Okay, I understand It can be a little awkward at first.
Yves: Right~
HaSeul: Well, Shall we send a heart to fans who might be watching?
(JinSoul's powerful heart!)
HaSeul: For fans!
(Go Won's shy heart...!)
(But she is suddenly ashamed of her behavior...)
HaSeul: Are you shy?
Go Won : Yes...
HaSeul: Don't be shy in front of a camera~
Go Won: I'm hungry~
HaSeul: You are hungry~
Go Won: I really like toppoki~
Yves: We must form a toppoki unit!
HaSeul: JinSoul really likes Toppoki, too~
(JinSoul, Yves, Go Won like chicken feet)
JinSoul: I also like chicken feet
HaSeul: I've never tried chicken feet before~
Yves: Oh, really?
Go Won: (Disappointed) Yves...?
JinSoul: Do you like gopchang?
Go Won: I really like gopchang!
HaSeul: I've never tried gopchang before...
JinSoul: What?
JinSoul: It's your first photo shooting. Tell us how you feel!
Go Won: It's fun~
JinSoul: I think these members of the third unit have beautiful smile~
Chuu: Shall we smile?
(Beautiful members, gorgeous smiles)
JinSoul: Oh, that mouth corners...